Hi, everyone.

This is my video submission for real-time rendering assignment two.

and this task was to implement some shaders for an object that is both transmissive and reflective

Here I implemented four shaders, Reflection, Refraction, Fresnel and Chromatic Dispersion.

Also used the sky images as a skybox to show the effects.

In the first scene, I compared four shaders, and you can see the different effects of the four shaders.

For easy viewing, I set the model to auto-rotate.

Then, I used each shader as a separate scene for comparison.

The first one is Reflection, I used three different models to observe the reflection effects. As u can see, the reflected blue sky and white clouds can be seen on the three models.

The second one is Refraction. Like the first shader, the three models of snowman model, teapot model and box model are used to compare the results.

Then some advanced shaders. The Fresnel effect is the change in the amount of light reflected or transmitted from a surface due to the angle at which the light hits the surface. As the angle of incidence increases, the amount of light reflected or transmitted increases. Here I set a parameter of Fresnel to different values ​​for comparison. You can see that the left one is 0.1, the middle one is 0.5, and the right one is 0.9, so as to compare different effects.


The last one is Chromatic Dispersion. Chromatic dispersion is a phenomenon in which light of different wavelengths is refracted or bent differently when it passes through a medium. This is due to the varying refractive indices of the different wavelengths of light. I use fPower to set different values ​​for comparison. The parameter values ​​​​set here are 0.5, 1.0 and 2.0. The purpose is to observe the effect of the shader under different parameter settings.

And, for the convenience of observation, I also set up some keyboard and mouse events, like If I press the C key, the camera will rotate around the model, which is convenient for us to observe the effect better. If I press the P key, it will switch the scene of the skybox, like this. and I can use the mouse wheel to change the distance of camera and models.

Yeah, that's all my submission, thank you for watching.